Macromedia Studio 8: Training from the Source
Shaowen Bardzell, Jeffrey Bardzell and Bob Flynn

Companion Disc
The files you need to complete the projects for each lesson are located in a folder named for the lesson: Lesson01, Lesson02, etc. 
Inside the lesson folders are Start and Complete folders, which represent the state of the Jade Valley or Dante project at the beginning and ending of that lesson, respectively.


-----------------------------------
And now, a word from our Publisher:

This disc is warranted to be free of defects in materials and faulty 
workmanship under normal use for a period of 90 days after purchase. 
If a defect is discovered in a disc during this warranty period, a 
replacement disc can be obtained at no charge. Send an email to ask@peachpit.com including your name, address, and the full title and ISBN # of the book.  If the disc is not physically damaged, please include details of symptoms of the defect such as text of error messages and whether the disc is viewable in My Computer or on your computer's Desktop. 

After the 90-day period, replacement will be at the publisher's discretion.

Peachpit Press makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, with respect to this software, its quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will Peachpit Press, its distributors, or dealers be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising our of the use or inability to use the software. The exclusion of implied warranties is not permitted in some states. Therefore, the above exclusion may not apply to you. This warranty provides you with specific legal rights. There may be other rights that you may have that vary from state to state.

The software files on these discs are copyrighted by the authors and Peachpit Press. You have the non-exclusive right to use these programs and files. You may use them on one computer at a time. You may not transfer the files from one computer to another over a network. You may transfer the files onto a single hard disk so long as you can prove ownership of the original disc.

You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software. You may not modify or translate the software or distribute copies of the software without the written consent of Peachpit Press.

© 2006 Peachpit Press. All Rights Reserved.